well joining me right now is one of the
most beautiful Yankee fans you'll ever
see the wonderful Chrissy Teigen good to
see you too now obviously married now
talking about what year and people
always ask you what about kids what what
do you say I mean I would have had kids
yesterday for some reason John doesn't
let them away oh we oh we both really
want kids if it were to happen today
it'd be done not today today what you're
trying I guess definitely we're not not
trying I'll tell you that okay but it's
uh it's as we say it's a fun process if
we would be just excited it's definitely
gonna be a surprise nice surprise we'd
be happy for congratulations on your new
show snack-off thank you
sounds like my kind of show it sounds
awesome for those nothing there
wait a minute I love snacks so it ain't
about you just eat a bunch of snacks
tell me tell me the premise you have a
good balance then um we basically it's
like a Top Chef but for young people and
they're using the ingredients that they
have rather than you know in college I
didn't have lobsters and vlog ride so
when is it all Top Ramen errata Top
Ramen um a lot of hot dogs cheetos I
mean it's down and dirty but the best
part is seeing how they're able to kind
of come up with really good things oh
that's cool what's your uh your favorite
go-to snack oh I love a hot pocket I
love a White Castle and I love a Taco
Bell nice that's my kind of girl right
yeah do you uh cook I love cooking yeah
I couldn't eat four times a week I made
it on a homemade chicken soup late last
night because his voice is a little sore
there any specialty dishes you like to
make or about the signature dish I'm I
call myself I've dubbed myself the soup
master I love making soup I love soup
most thing about soups and stews and the
chef favorite soup I mean I like
old-school chicken noodle soup
well that's tomato basil soup kick and
then this chicken one is really pretty
good so how are you eating my grilled
cheese bacon and like looking like this
seriously not a fun balance I'm working
out like crazy lately I have a big shoot
coming up so for two weeks a year
yeah Chrissy settles down and she's in
it right now I'm trying to develop a but
because when I was in school of butts
were not a thing right
nobody cared about your plight they were
like oh she's got big boobs but a butt
was the thing so now I'm like I'm so far
behind you're squatting away yeah
squatting away all day I see no problem
by the way but you squat away as much as
you want